content/project/flash_entropy_search/index.md, before:

---
title: Flash Entropy Search
summary: '**Flash Entropy Search** is an ultra-fast algorithm capable of comparing billions of MS/MS spectra in seconds, and boosting the speed of library searches by five orders of magnitude. This method enables rapid comparison of MS/MS spectra against large spectral libraries, just like BLAST for sequence searches.'
tags:
  - Spectral entropy
  - Flash entropy search
date: '2023-03-14T00:00:00Z'

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link: 'https://www.nature.com/articles/s41592-023-02012-9'

# image:
#   caption: Photo by rawpixel on Unsplash
#   focal_point: Smart

links:
  - icon: github 
    icon_pack: fab
    name: Code
    url: https://github.com/YuanyueLi/FlashEntropySearch
  - icon: file-pdf
    icon_pack: fas
    name: PDF
    url: Yuanyue-flash_entropy_search.pdf
  - icon: book-open
    icon_pack: fas
    name: Readcube
    url: https://rdcu.be/dmIfr

url_code: ''
url_slides: ''
url_video: ''

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this project with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
# slides: example
---

Flash Entropy Search

Commit message:

Add video to the projects.

content/project/flash_entropy_search/index.md, after:

---
title: Flash Entropy Search
summary: '**Flash Entropy Search** is an ultra-fast algorithm capable of comparing billions of MS/MS spectra in seconds, and boosting the speed of library searches by five orders of magnitude. This method enables rapid comparison of MS/MS spectra against large spectral libraries, just like BLAST for sequence searches. <br />
*A video introduction to Flash Entropy Search can be found [here](https://youtu.be/7ev7alMSsp8?si=IzsdCApEYtgU7Nc2&t=1136).*'
tags:
  - Spectral entropy
  - Flash entropy search
date: '2023-03-14T00:00:00Z'

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link: 'https://www.nature.com/articles/s41592-023-02012-9'

# image:
#   caption: Photo by rawpixel on Unsplash
#   focal_point: Smart

links:
  - icon: github 
    icon_pack: fab
    name: Code
    url: https://github.com/YuanyueLi/FlashEntropySearch
  - icon: file-pdf
    icon_pack: fas
    name: PDF
    url: Yuanyue-flash_entropy_search.pdf
  - icon: book-open
    icon_pack: fas
    name: Readcube
    url: https://rdcu.be/dmIfr
  - icon: video
    icon_pack: fas
    name: Video
    url: https://youtu.be/7ev7alMSsp8?si=IzsdCApEYtgU7Nc2&t=1136

url_code: ''
url_slides: ''
url_video: ''

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this project with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
# slides: example
---

Flash Entropy Search
